hi I'm Jenny grab the training best
friend calm rushing and I felt oh my god
every one of them does not like screwing
when I first got them and brushing talk
about real easy way to start building
their positive association with brushing
so that your dog will like it my last
one which we were we started real short
gentle sessions and when puppies do go
through the motions every day like they
really do just go through the motions to
develop a lifelong love of grooming it's
such a pleasure my goal being after this
kind of conditioning would offer his paw
off clipping and they love brushing
after while
your dog and then election if there's
anything going on they're gonna hold
this is a nice heavy cable here so I've
been a little leash on here and we'll
clipping zoom on here it's a little bit
leaves so they're gonna keep them in the
area I use a detangling spray which I
did get in use to gradually I swiped on
my hand at first and uh did that to you
like that either already already
terrified of being groomed or is really
getting angry about grooming fifth grade
contact me because there are some
different things you actually tend to go
towards not like brushing him very
gently
possessions really really short and then
this is important order things
supporting then I pull out put in you
know open some toy series and pepper
cream cheese you can't buy learn more
canned food or whatever I like this is
it lays flat anything like this has
grooves in it that lays flat would be
good because you want to get that layin
for not following your hands this
they'll also do that
a patient when I hear the beginning of
the new dogs I just see one little
section at a time and then I stop for
the time we do it too long matter how
much food you use your dick they're not
going into it so just start really short
and just get him used to it over the
days he had gotten much better about
that first he was always squirming
wedding we've got 13 and he's got to be
unfortunate industry longer it started
early so what I do at the end is I clip
them so it's free to anyone I always
make sure he ends with something I'm
just alone with a good treat so it
always ends on a real nice note for him
and that could be a really good rate of
teaching to light pressure
the same thing you could do with the
nail clippers I did do a video on using
sandpaper teaching them to file their
own nails for Justin Johnston came in
first
so really it just happens naturally even
if they do it first and if a lot of
times of development they can get to be
quite serious being from again you're
already having a real reaction to this
give me a call because there are steps
should be careful steps to to undo that
but even with puppies allowed to do is
just take out go and then give them food
just start getting a boost retraction or
give them a treat but I have some
chicken here and just touch and hear
what I Brutus one nail of the time this
has a real aversion to this and again a
lot of times dogs that were not
conditioned carefully or so you want to
do a lot of the nails the first meeting
treats are coming and with your puppies
do this a lot I
for them so you're adding another thing
that could connect the vets you want to
really I encourage you to do it yourself
but if you canter yourself at least go
through the motions of conditioning them
at home so that it's not so frightening
for them
you move doesn't seem like they're first
puppies always seem happy and then this
works really well